Add Context keyword for Extension (#156)
HL7/fhir-shorthand: input/pagecontent/reference.md

Reviewer: I think we should update the USCoreBirthSexExtension and USCoreEthnicityExtension examples (lines 960 - 990) to use the new `Context` keyword, since it is a best practice (and since US Core defines contexts for them).

USCoreBirthSexExtension should have:
```
Context: Patient
```

USCoreEthnicityExtension should have:
```
Context: Patient, RelatedPerson, Person, Practitioner, FamilyMemberHistory
```

  * valueCode from BinaryBirthSexValueSet (required)
  ```

{%include tu-div.html%}

> The keyword `Context` can be used to specify the [context](http://hl7.org/fhir/defining-extensions.html#context) of an Extension. The value should be a quoted string when specifying a `fhirpath` context. The value should be an unquoted path that includes the name, id, or URL of the resource that contains the element being set as the context when specifying an `element` or `extension` context. Multiple contexts can be specified by using a comma-separated list. Using the `Context` keyword instead of using rules to assign directly to the `context` list on the Extension is recommended. The following is a list of allowed formats for contexts:

Reviewer: I'd still like to see a little more specificity in the text here. How about something like this?
```suggestion
The keyword `Context` can be used to specify the [context](http://hl7.org/fhir/defining-extensions.html#context) of an Extension. When specifying a `fhirpath` context, the value MUST be a quoted string . When specifying an `element` or `extension` context, the value MUST start with the name, id, or URL of the context item. A name or id MAY be followed by a dot (`.`) and a valid [FSH path](#fsh-paths). A URL MAY be followed by a hash sign (`#`) and a valid [FSH path](#fsh-paths). 

Multiple contexts can be specified by using a comma-separated list. Using the `Context` keyword instead of using rules to assign directly to the `context` list on the Extension is recommended. The following is a list of allowed formats for contexts:
```

**Examples:**

* Defining an extension with a `fhirpath` context

  ```
  Extension: MyExtension
  Context: "(Condition | Observation).code"
  ```

* Defining an extension with an `element` context on a core FHIR resource

  ```
  Extension: MyExtension
  Context: Patient.contact.telecom
  ```

* Defining an extension with an `element` context on a Profile defined in FSH

  ```
  Profile: MyPatient
  Parent: Patient
  // rules on the Profile omitted

  Extension: MyExtension
  Context: MyPatient.contact.telecom
  ```

* Defining an extension with an `element` context that references the element's containing resource by URL. Note that the path uses square brackets to refer to a slice.

  ```
  Extension: MyExtension
  Context: http://hl7.org/fhir/us/core/StructureDefinition/us-core-careplan#category[AssessPlan].coding

>   ```

Reviewer: I think maybe we should have a specific example that shows how to reference a slice using the simpler (non-URL) form first. I don't want people to think you can only do that with URLs.

Also, I think we may want an example with an alias.

* Defining an extension with an `extension` context

  ```
  Extension: MyExtension
  Context: http://hl7.org/fhir/StructureDefinition/capabilitystatement-search-parameter-combination

>   // The extension could also be referenced by id:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // The extension could also be referenced by name or id:
```

  // Context: capabilitystatement-search-parameter-combination
  ```

* Defining an extension with an `extension` context, where the context is part of a complex extension

  ```
  Extension: MyExtension
  Context: http://hl7.org/fhir/StructureDefinition/capabilitystatement-search-parameter-combination#required
  // For a deeply-nested complex extension, separate each included extension's URL with a . character:

>   // Context: http://example.org/StructureDefinition/some-complex-extension#required.use

Reviewer: I thought we had decided that you always use a FSHy path at the end -- so `required` or `required.use` would not be valid. You'd have to do `extension[required]` or `extension[required].extension[use]`. While it's less typing to support the other way, I think reducing the available ways to do something is a simplification worth considering.

Author: Ah, I had forgotten about this! I'll change this in the docs and in my implementation.
